README.md, before:

# Tweeter Project

Tweeter is a simple, single-page Twitter clone that provides students hands-on experience on frontend and backend web developement

Students can fork and clone this repository, to practice their HTML, CSS, JS, jQuery and AJAX front-end skills, as well as their Node, Express back-end skills.

## Getting Started

1. [Create](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) a new repository using this repository as a template.
2. Clone your repository onto your local device.
3. Install dependencies below using the `npm install` command.
4. Install sass dependency using the `npm install -g sass` and start the server using the `npm run sass-watch`.
5. Start the web server using the `npm start` command. The app will be served at <http://localhost:8080/>.
6. Go to <http://localhost:8080/> in your browser.

## Dependencies

- Express
- Node 5.10.x or above
- body-parser
- Chance
- md5


## Screenshots

!["Screenshot of a desktop view of tweeter"]()

!["Screenshot of an tablet view of tweeter"]()

!["Screenshot of a smartphone view of tweeter"]()

!["Screenshot of a smartphone view with scrollUpButton of tweeter"]()

Commit message:

Edit the READMe file to include screenshots and Tweeter usage instruction

README.md, after:

# Tweeter Project

Tweeter is a simple, single-page Twitter clone that provides students hands-on experience on frontend and backend web developement

Students can fork and clone this repository, to practice their HTML, CSS, JS, jQuery and AJAX front-end skills, as well as their Node, Express back-end skills.

## Getting Started

1. [Create](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template) a new repository using this repository as a template.
2. Clone your repository onto your local device.
3. Install dependencies below using the `npm install` command.
4. Install sass dependency using the `npm install -g sass` and start the server using the `npm run sass-watch`.
5. Start the web server using the `npm start` command. The app will be served at <http://localhost:8080/>.
6. Go to <http://localhost:8080/> in your browser.

## Dependencies

- Express
- Node 5.10.x or above
- body-parser
- Chance
- md5

## Usage

- Click the down arrow at the nav bar to write a tweet.
- Click the up arrow in a circle to jump back up to the latest tweet.
- Ensure to maintain maximum of 140 text characters per tweet.


## Screenshots

!["Screenshot of a desktop view of tweeter"](https://github.com/eusoncode/tweeter/blob/master/docs/Tweet_desktop.png)

!["Screenshot of an tablet view of tweeter"](https://github.com/eusoncode/tweeter/blob/master/docs/Tweeter_tablet.png)

!["Screenshot of a smartphone view of tweeter"](https://github.com/eusoncode/tweeter/blob/master/docs/Tweeter_smartphone.png)

!["Screenshot of a smartphone view with scrollUpButton of tweeter"](https://github.com/eusoncode/tweeter/blob/master/docs/Tweet_smartphone_scrollUpButton)
